Document how to provide container registry credentials in air-gapped environment (#7256)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/air-gapped.asciidoc

* +my.registry/kibana/kibana:{version}+
* +my.registry/apm/apm-server:{version}+

> 
> [float]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[float]
```

* +my.registry/kibana/kibana:{version}+
* +my.registry/apm/apm-server:{version}+

> You can provide credentials to a custom repo by adding the imagePullSecrets parameter to your configuration as shown here - https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/2580#issuecomment-589602837

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide credentials to your private container registry by setting the `imagePullSecrets` field through the `spec.podTemplate` section of your Elastic resource specification, check <<{p}-customize-pods,how to customize the Elastic resources Pods>>.
```

Reviewer: Due to lack of activity, I applied the suggestion. I hope it is okay for you.
